MediaStream FAQ
===============

Below you'll find a list of the most common questions along with some (hopefully) enlightening answers.



Q) Where do I get the latest version of the skin?

A) MediaStream comes with recent T3CH releases for the xbox and is also downloadable from our website at http://www.teamrazorfish.co.uk


Q) How do I install the skin?

A) Place the MediaStream folder in the skins folder of your XBMC installation


Q) Font sizes are too small on my screen?

A) From the Home screen, open the System -> Settings sub menu and select Appearance. Navigate to the Skin Fonts options and change to Bigger (or optionally Massive if you're not viewing in 4x3). If that is still not sufficient then please post details in the Font Sizing thread on the xbmc.org MediaStream forums


Q) Can I add or remove menu items from the Home screen?

A) You can remove them by going to System -> Settings sub menu and select Skin. Then select the Home category and you will see a list of options for hiding each of the menu items


Q) Can I hide the Power, System or Weather menu items on Home screen?

A) No, those 3 items have to stay there all the time to avoid an issue we found where the backgrounds flash annoyingly if one of the first 3 menu items is hidden


Q) If I click on Movies or TV Shows I don't see my movies/tv shows?

A) The idea behind having 3 separate menu items on the home screen for video media is that Videos is for videos in files mode, Movies links to the movies in the library and TV Shows links to tv shows in the library. If you are not seeing any media for Movies/TV Shows then you need to make sure you have the library setup properly. Alternatively, if you don't want to use the library then there are Movies and TV Shows items on the Videos sub-menu which will point to sources called movies and tvshows respectively.


Q) I can't play videos?

A) If you're running XBMC on the Xbox then there's every chance you don't have enough memory left to run the video. Go to System -> Settings sub menu and select Appearance then choose the Default theme as this will run a version of the skin with smaller textures to lighten the load on the memory


Q) I'm looking at my library media but the view doesn't look right?

A) When you switch skins the view that gets selected initially will be based on what view you selected in the previous skin. Occasionally the view will not suit the current media so you need to open the Options Menu (pressing right or up) and select a more appropriate view


Q) Icons are missing or are really dark in Apple Movie Trailer?

A) Uncheck "Use Watched Thumbnails" in the AMT settings

